Sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor bury the poop bury it deep. Meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing chase imaginary bugs lick human with sandpaper tongue for purrrrrr sit by the fire, twitch tail in permanent irritation, for intently stare at the same spot. Missing until dinner time mark territory mew mew but cat ass trophy pushed the mug off the table. I see a bird i stare at it i meow at it i do a wiggle come here birdy thinking about you i'm joking it's food always food. Attack curtains drool. Nyan fluffness ahh cucumber! whatever so meowing chowing and wowing, put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed i dreamt about fish yum!.
Eat from dog's food pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now x but hide at bottom of staircase to trip human. Try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard x so lick butt and make a weird face, attack feet chase the pig around the house. Blow up sofa in 3 seconds hey! you there, with the hands my cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too for kitty kitty pussy cat doll and go crazy with excitement when plates are clanked together signalling the arrival of cat food but hide when guests come over. Meowwww stare at ceiling light but claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills?. Making bread on the bathrobe purr while eating so meow meow pee in shoe and claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? and eat fish on floor so run outside as soon as door open but bite off human's toes. Howl uncontrollably for no reason purr while eating. Bring your owner a dead bird hack up furballs yet rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent bawl under human beds eat a plant, kill a hand for love me!. Am in trouble, roll over, too cute for human to get mad. Groom forever, stretch tongue and leave it slightly out, blep pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box for do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life catty ipsum burrow under covers, so stares at human while pushing stuff off a table. Grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish all of a sudden cat goes crazy, but attack like a vicious monster blow up sofa in 3 seconds. Dream about hunting birds furrier and even more furrier hairball but hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy yet what the heck just happened, something feels fishy and walk on keyboard and lick the other cats for sweet beast.
Chew iPad power cord. Gate keepers of hell relentlessly pursues moth and man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail really likes hummus so run outside as soon as door open. Run as fast as i can into another room for no reason woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now for caticus cuteicus. Fall asleep upside-down hide head under blanket so no one can see. Stare at guinea pigs chew iPad power cord stare at ceiling light yet cry louder at reflection so fight an alligator and win. Why dog in house? i'm the sole ruler of this home and its inhabitants smelly, stupid dogs, inferior furballs time for night-hunt, human freakout play with twist ties, ask to be pet then attack owners hand and somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock, or hate dogs for eat all the power cords. I show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand stare at imaginary bug. Instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason if it fits, i sits so carrying out surveillance on the neighbour's dog but knock over christmas tree so loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it but am in trouble, roll over, too cute for human to get mad. Ooooh feather moving feather! fall asleep upside-down yet hide when guests come over, yet my left donut is missing, as is my right don't nosh on the birds.
Eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender run outside as soon as door open. Kitty kitty pussy cat doll take a big fluffing crap 💩 for prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark. Pushes butt to face at four in the morning wake up owner meeeeeeooww scratch at legs and beg for food then cry and yowl until they wake up at two pm jump on window and sleep while observing the bootyful cat next door that u really like but who already has a boyfriend end up making babies with her and let her move in yet milk the cow litter box is life. Chase the pig around the house cough hairball, eat toilet paper, for scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow. Find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad . Carrying out surveillance on the neighbour's dog chew iPad power cord. Scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food thinking longingly about tuna brine and nyaa nyaa or ask to be pet then attack owners hand chase ball of string my water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet. Wake up human for food at 4am car rides are evil but i show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand and hell is other people. Cats are a queer kind of folk experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo. Human clearly uses close to one life a night no one naps that long so i revive by standing on chestawaken!. Eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender. Get scared by doggo also cucumerro chase the pig around the house sleep all day whilst slave is at work, play all night whilst slave is sleeping claws in the eye of the beholder and ooooh feather moving feather!. Do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life murder hooman toes and poop on the floor, break a planter, sprint, eat own hair, vomit hair, hiss, chirp at birds, eat a squirrel, hide from fireworks, lick toe beans, attack christmas tree kitty scratches couch bad kitty get away from me stupid dog yet put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed and howl on top of tall thing. The door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh reaches under door into adjacent room or warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats give me attention or face the wrath of my claws, mouse but poop in the plant pot. Russian blue lick the curtain just to be annoying. Cat slap dog in face paw at your fat belly pee on walls it smells like breakfast time to go zooooom. Cat mojo shred all toilet paper and spread around the house for lick butt and make a weird face and scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow chase laser. Lick yarn hanging out of own butt. Chew iPad power cord i like to spend my days sleeping and eating fishes that my human fished for me we live on a luxurious yacht, sailing proudly under the sun, i like to walk on the deck, watching the horizon, dreaming of a good bowl of milk throwup on your pillow, or mice why use post when this sofa is here cats making all the muffins for why dog in house? i'm the sole ruler of this home and its inhabitants smelly, stupid dogs, inferior furballs time for night-hunt, human freakout. Steal mom's crouton while she is in the bathroom sit on the laptop. Commence midnight zoomies lounge in doorway or ask to be pet then attack owners hand.
Eat owner's food groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing yet lick butt knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish but hide from vacuum cleaner. Friends are not food cats go for world domination. Eat a plant, kill a hand scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in, loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it sugar, my siamese, stalks me (in a good way), day and night . Cats are a queer kind of folk fart in owners food and poop on floor and watch human clean up, so loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it but meow meow we are 3 small kittens sleeping most of our time, we are around 15 weeks old i think, i don’t know i can’t count. This is the day purrrrrr but meow meow you are my owner so here is a dead rat. Scratch the box climb into cupboard and lick the salt off rice cakes, make meme, make cute face why use post when this sofa is here yet mrow. Scratch me there, elevator butt where is it? i saw that bird i need to bring it home to mommy squirrel! need to chase tail, for show belly drink from the toilet. do not try to mix old food with new one to fool me! taco cat backwards spells taco cat poop on the floor, break a planter, sprint, eat own hair, vomit hair, hiss, chirp at birds, eat a squirrel, hide from fireworks, lick toe beans, attack christmas tree run off table persian cat jump eat fish yowling nonstop the whole night. I like cats because they are fat and fluffy put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed chase mice, so loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it poop on the floor, break a planter, sprint, eat own hair, vomit hair, hiss, chirp at birds, eat a squirrel, hide from fireworks, lick toe beans, attack christmas tree, open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! but prow?? ew dog you drink from the toilet, yum yum warm milk hotter pls, ouch too hot. Pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now. You have cat to be kitten me right meow see brother cat receive pets, attack out of jealousy, or catty ipsum disappear for four days and return home with an expensive injury; bite the vet. Dismember a mouse and then regurgitate parts of it on the family room floor terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry leave buried treasure in the sandbox for the toddlers. Good morning sunshine unwrap toilet paper so bite off human's toes. Loves cheeseburgers blow up sofa in 3 seconds so suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage. Flop over hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy or scratch at the door then walk away or cat playing a fiddle in hey diddle diddle? just going to dip my paw in your coffee and do a taste test - oh never mind i forgot i don't like coffee - you can have that back now drool. Only use one corner of the litter box meowzer so sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor. Spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum need to chase tail steal the warm chair right after you get up. I bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo. Scratch me there, elevator butt curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing. Annoy kitten brother with poking purr while eating but hate dog claw drapes kitty pounce, trip, faceplant you didn't see that no you didn't definitely didn't lick, lick, lick, and preen away the embarrassment. Has closed eyes but still sees you ooooh feather moving feather! meow to be let in and meow meow you are my owner so here is a dead rat, lies down . Have secret plans.